Nice to meet you
Nice to meet you!
My name is Uesaka Sumire, I'm a voice actor
I'm Virtual YouTuber
Kizuna AI!
Looking forward to today!
Count on me as if you were on a big boat!
(TL: A saying meaning, "Leave it to me, I got this")
Really...?
Really!
What should I call you?
AI-chan
Sumire-chan...
Can I call you that?
That's a little over-familiar...
A little over-familiar!?
Well, then, "Sumire-chan" is fine for today
Ah! "Sumire-chan" is OK
Sure
Yay!
I...
For a game app called "Ordinal Strata"'s promotion
I was told to come here
...I appear in Ordinal Strata
As a character called "Ordina"
But I don't have any props today for promoting
So I'm not sure what to do
Kizuna-san-
No no!
Ah, AI-chan, have you heard anything?
What's that?
I haven't heard anything
You haven't!?
It's ok, it's ok
Is YouTube such a "whatever" kind of place?
Jokiness and following the flow are the most important
So for today
We're going to do something most YouTubers do at some point
A video idea that you could almost call a gateway towards success!
H-How about Ordinal Strata?
No problem, no problem!
Let's just do whatever we want!
Alright~
So
A staple for YouTubers,
This!
This?
What's this?
We're going to use this black carbonated drink
Do you watch YouTube often?
I sometimes watch Soviet Union videos...
. . .
...Using this black carbonated drink
"Mentos + cola"
A: "Mentos + cola"
S: I see
Is what I'd like to do
I've heard it has quite a strong impact...
Is that what we're going to do today?
That's right!
...Rather than "we"
Sumire-chan!
Me?
I'd like you to do it!
I'm virtual, so...
I'll be cheering you on from here
Let's go!
I'll try my best!
Please go change!
Got it
Well then... I'll go over there and change my clothes
AI-chan I'm back...
Welcome back!
Your raincoat is cute!
Stop lying
I'm not lying!
S: This raincoat...
A: Because even if you wear a raincoat
A: Your face is still the same!
This raincoat is too stinky...
What should I do?
It stinks?
Let's do it! Let's do it!
Let it explode!
Ready...
"Mentos-Cola!"
AI-chan...
I'm scared...
If I put this
Inside the fizzy drink
It's going to be crazy...
So
Everyone has umbrellas out
And is defending themselves...
I'm the only one
Bare...
By the way, how are feeling right now?
"What am I doing..."
Is what I'm thinking
Closing the lid...
So now, if I
Remove the string
It's going to go "bam" so
Bam!
A: It's raining! It's raining!
S: It's really pouring everywhere
Eh!
Ahhhhh~
It's cola rain...
AI-chan?!
AI-chan's...
A: The remaining...
S: AI-chan's covered in soft drink...
The remaining promotion...
I leave it to you...
Man...
This was not something we should've done in a rented place...
Did we succeed?
We've...
Succeeded!
...You can't say that
While being absolutely soaked
A: I'm happy!
S: By the way...
How about the "Ordinal Strata" promotion?
Maybe we don’t have to do it...
Is what I thought but...
Giving Sumire-chan a reason to be worried
That would make me sad
I would like to announce
Oh! It’s an announcement!
Surprise!
Surprise?
Ordinal Strata
To celebrate the release of the game
There will be a present
For everyone!
I’m glad that there is a present for everyone! Hurray!
In order to claim that,
You only have to login to the game!
S: Only that?
A: Only for a short period of time!
You will be able to
Obtain the SSR weapon “Nihiti Sphere”
Ohhh!!
Sumire-chan!
As a YouTuber
When you upload a video advertising
You’ll always have to say a specific line
To download (the game)...
Please check out the description...
A: Will you do it together with me?
S: Of course!
Oh! Thank you very much!
1... 2...
A&S: To download (the game) please check out the description!
This was Virtual YouTuber
Kizuna AI and
Ehh
Voice actress
Uesaka Sumire here!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud
Timed by Loserbait